Hi everyone, welcome to this
workshop on design patterns.
I'm Lydia Hallie,
I'm a staff developer advocate at Vercel.
And in my free time, I really enjoy
writing about technical concepts,
especially JavaScript.
And I like to do that in kinda like
visualized way, so creating animations to
get a better understanding of what's
actually going on under the hood.
And back in 2020,
I collaborated together with Addy Osmani
on a project called Patterns.
And this is actually related to a book
that he published back in 2012,
which was incredible.
But as you can imagine, back in 2012 or
the JavaScript ecosystem was pretty
different than what it is nowadays.
So I collaborated with him to kind of give
this a modern perspective using the ES15
syntax, and also including React patterns,
design patterns, rendering patterns,
performance patterns.
So in this workshop, I'll be covering
design patterns, React patterns,
performance patterns,
and rendering patterns.
And for this workshop I've
created a website hosted
on javascriptpatterns.vercel.app.
So if you want to follow along and
do the exercises,
make sure to visit this website.
And for the exercises,
I'm using StackBlitz.
Now, you don't need to have an account for
that, which is pretty nice.
I just didn't wanna have to deal
the environment setup, all of that stuff.
So when you're doing an exercise and
you wanna get it on a bigger screen,
just to quickly show,
you can just click on here and
you actually see it open up a bit bigger,
bigger font size and all that stuff.
So design patterns are concepts that we
can use to solve or at least solve in
a performant way, commonly recurring
issues in software architecture.
Now, before I get started with all
the patterns that we'll be covering today,
they aren't just a checklist.
It's not like, these are the patterns
that will make your app performant, so
just implement this in your app
right away, that's not how it works.
I'm just here kind of to raise awareness,
hey, these patterns exist.
These are commonly recurring issues or
minor problems that might affect
your app's performance pretty badly.
So maybe in the future,
if you ever run into an issue with
your software architecture, you're like,
hey, wait a second, I've learned this,
I've heard about this issue, I believe
I can use this pattern to solve this.